Overall (#8)
MIT-Emerging-Talent/2024-group-09-cdsp: README.md

# MIT Emerging Talent - Group 9

## Modeling Tomorrow: Predictive Analysis and  Forecasting of Child Mortality Trends

## Overview
<!-- your comment -->
In general, the child mortality rate is a significant marker indicating the socioeconomic and health conditions of a country. Moving towards prosperity necessitates forecasting and predictive analysis. "Modeling Tomorrow" conducts an extensive evaluation by utilizing advanced statistical methods and machine learning algorithms to predict future trends in child mortality rates by examining historical data. Our aim in reviewing this prediction study is to gain invaluable information about potential risk factors and identify specific regions for targeted intervention, enabling informed decision-making for upcoming generations' welfare purposes. The ultimate objective of our efforts lies within understanding current patterns intending to construct more durable resistance against crucial issues related to children's well-being globally.

## Problem statement
<!-- your comment -->
Please follow the link to read full [problem statement]().

> Even though healthcare has made great strides, child mortality is still an international issue caused by differences in access to care, socio-economic status, and varying healthcare structures. To combat this problem effectively requires precise predictive models that analyze past data, identify influential factors and predict future patterns of child mortality rates. This initiative seeks to create a reliable system for predicting trends through machine learning algorithms which can expose the intricate dynamics behind children's deaths accurately. By doing so we aim at developing targeted interventions thereby enhancing informed policy making and ultimately steering down global infant death statistics considerably as well contribute significantly towards achieving our goals globally concerning saving more young lives from unnecessary childhood morbidity or/and depletion thereof altogether due to preventable causes which rob them of their rightful place in society both now but also into-extended futures not just locally but indeed internationally too!

Reviewer: This idea is not clear, especially the last sentence. It's very long. I suggest changing it a little as an example like this:

```suggestion
While healthcare advancements have been significant, child mortality remains a pressing global concern, largely stemming from disparities in access to care, socio-economic status, and healthcare infrastructure. Addressing this challenge requires precise predictive models that analyze historical data, identify key factors, and forecast future trends in child mortality rates.

Our initiative aims to develop a reliable predictive system using machine learning algorithms to uncover the complex dynamics behind children's deaths. By doing so, we seek to implement targeted interventions, inform policy decisions, and significantly reduce global infant mortality rates. Ultimately, our goal is to save more young lives by preventing unnecessary childhood morbidity and mortality, thus ensuring a brighter future for children worldwide.
```
Or just rewrite it a little.

Author: it is very important, let it be for now we will modify it later on as we finalize our work
